By the way, Aoi, you said there were some things you didn’t
understand in the Introduction to Statistics course.
I made a copy of a book I had at home if you want to refer to it.
Wow, thank you. That’s a big help.
Hmm, that’s what I wanted to know. I finally understand.
I’m glad it helped.
This book explains difficult things in simple terms and has
many diagrams, making it easy to understand.
Yeah. I think I’ll buy one too.
Let me see.
Oh? Come to think of it,
isn’t copying a book a copyright infringement?
Oh, is that right? Isn’t it okay to photocopy for private use?
Yes, if it is for private use.
How far does private use extend?
Is it okay among friends?
Hmm...